Website Maintenance Contract 
Client Name: George Harrison  Phone Number: (554) 555-1122 
Fax Number: (555) 555-3333  Street Address: 545 Gover 
City: Bluehaven State: NJ Zip: 11334 
Email: somemail@emailaddress.zz 
Internet URL: Contact: 
Contract Term: 
As per the terms of this agreement, ABC Websites Inc, 1616 Long Drive, Phone number: 555-111-
2222, agrees to provide the above client with regular website maintenance services for a period 
of 24 month(s) / or one year according to the terms below. 
Purpose: 
The Website Maintenance Agreement is for the sole purpose of enhancing the client’s online 
visibility. Both parties agree the ongoing website maintenance will: 1) Improve the client’s search 
engine rankings by enhancing site and page quality; 2) Allow the client to add enhancements to 
the website, such as product and keyword search; and 3) Ensure the website is visible and 
working across the top ranking search engines, including [Google], [Yahoo], [Bing], and [Some 
other search engine]. 
General Terms: 
1. Website owner agrees to provide maintenance provider with all passwords necessary to 
access the website account. 
2. Website owner agrees to provide access to databases, directories or proprietary software 
needed for the purpose of fulfilling the maintenance agreement. 
3. Website owner agrees the maintenance provider has permission to make changes to the 
website, including adding or deleting information, as specified by the client. 
4. The website owner agrees to provide maintenance provider with desired changes in writing 
10 day(s) in advance of the desired publish date. 
5. The website owner agrees to approve changes, additions, deletions within 10 day(s) of being 
notified of the change(s) made by the service provider. 
Service Provider Acknowledgements: 
1. The service provider owns /has access to the software needed to make the updates, changes 
and general website maintenance as specified above. 
6. The service provider agrees to keep all client information, such as passwords, confidential. 
The service provider will not share or release any client information to any third party, 
including hosting providers, without the written permission of the client. 
7. The service provider agrees to seek clarification on client directions that are not clearly 
understood before making any changes to the website. 
8. The service provider agrees to create a backup disk of the website before making changes 
and to use the disk to restore the website back to a previous version if requested by client. 
9. The service provider agrees to track time spent on the website and to send the client detailed 
time and productivity reports at the end of every month. 
Maintenance Agreement & Schedule: 
Regular and ongoing website maintenance includes the following: 
1. Check the website for all issues, such as broken links, invalid emails and page errors as well 
as fixing any errors found. 
10.Complete [Weekly/Bi-weekly] updates, including adding or deleting website text and graphical 
content. 
11.Create weekly website backup disks and provide the disks to the client on a weekly basis. 
12.Provide consultation services to the client as needed (counted against the hourly time 
allotment). 
Compensation: 
The client agrees to pay the service provider a set fee for website maintenance, regardless of 
whether or not maintenance is requested during a specific period. 
The client agrees to pay the service provider $100 week for the website maintenance described 
in the contract above. 
The set fee covers 5 hours of work per week. 
The client agrees to pay the service provider a fee of $20 per hour for any maintenance not 
covered in the agreement above. 
The client agrees to pay the service provider a fee of 20 per hour for creating/adding features or 
functionality, such as key word optimization, not included in the agreement above. 
By signing below, the parties agree to the terms of the contract. 
Printed Name, Website 
Owner/Representative 
Signature, Website 
Owner/Representative 
Date 
David Webb 12-12-2018 
Printed Name, Service Provider Signature, Service Provider Date 
ABC Websites Inc 12-12-2018 
